samples: BT DTM: Replace timer wait with k_sleep in 2-wire UART (#23980)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

   * :ref:`peripheral_status`
   * :ref:`peripheral_uart`

* :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample:

>   * Simplified 2-wire UART polling by replacing the hardware timer with the ``k_sleep`` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated by simplifying the 2-wire UART polling.
    This is done by replacing the hardware timer with the ``k_sleep()`` function.
```
